README.md, before:

# gRPC-Kotlin/JVM - An RPC library and framework

[![Gradle Build Status][]](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-kotlin/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Gradle+Build%22)
[![Bazel Build Status][]](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-kotlin/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Bazel+Build%22)

[![grpc-kotlin-stub][label:stub]][maven:stub]
[![protoc-gen-grpc-kotlin][label:plugin]][maven:plugin]
[![grpc-kotlin-stub-lite][label:stub-lite]][maven:stub-lite]

A Kotlin/JVM implementation of [gRPC](https://grpc.io): A high performance, open
source, general RPC framework that puts mobile and HTTP/2 first.

This repo includes the sources for the following:

- [protoc-gen-grpc-kotlin](compiler): A [protoc][] plugin for generating Kotlin
  gRPC client-stub and server plumbing code.

  > **Note:** The Kotlin protoc plugin uses the [Java protoc plugin][gen-java]
  > behind the scenes to **generate _message types_ as _Java classes_**.
  > Generation of Kotlin sources for proto messages is being discussed in
  > [protocolbuffers/protobuf#3742][].

- [grpc-kotlin-stub](stub): A Kotlin implementation of gRPC, providing runtime
  support for client-stubs and server-side code.

- [grpc-kotlin-stub-lite](stub-lite): An implementation of `grpc-kotlin-stub`,
  but with a dependency on `grpc-protobuf-lite` instead of `grpc-protobuf` for
  Android projects.

For more information, see the following pages:

- [gRPC Kotlin/JVM Quick Start][]
- [gRPC Basics - Kotlin/JVM][] tutorial
- [API Reference][]

[API Reference]: https://javadocs.dev/io.grpc/grpc-kotlin-stub/latest
[Gradle Build Status]: https://github.com/grpc/grpc-kotlin/workflows/Gradle%20Build/badge.svg
[Bazel Build Status]: https://github.com/grpc/grpc-kotlin/workflows/Bazel%20Build/badge.svg
[gen-java]: https://github.com/grpc/grpc-java/tree/master/compiler
[gRPC Kotlin/JVM Quick Start]: https://grpc.io/docs/quickstart/kotlin
[gRPC Basics - Kotlin/JVM]: https://grpc.io/docs/tutorials/basic/kotlin
[label:plugin]: https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.grpc/protoc-gen-grpc-kotlin.svg?label=protoc-gen-grpc-kotlin
[label:stub]: https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.grpc/grpc-kotlin-stub.svg?label=grpc-kotlin-stub
[label:stub-lite]: https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.grpc/grpc-kotlin-stub-lite.svg?label=grpc-kotlin-stub-lite
[maven:plugin]: https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:%22io.grpc%22%20AND%20a:%22protoc-gen-grpc-kotlin%22
[maven:stub]: https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:%22io.grpc%22%20AND%20a:%22grpc-kotlin-stub%22
[maven:stub-lite]: https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:%22io.grpc%22%20AND%20a:%22grpc-kotlin-stub-lite%22
[protoc]: https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf#protocol-compiler-installation
[protocolbuffers/protobuf#3742]: https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/issues/3742

Commit message:

README: update links into Kotlin pages under grpc.io

README.md, after:

# gRPC-Kotlin/JVM - An RPC library and framework

[![Gradle Build Status][]](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-kotlin/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Gradle+Build%22)
[![Bazel Build Status][]](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-kotlin/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Bazel+Build%22)

[![grpc-kotlin-stub][label:stub]][maven:stub]
[![protoc-gen-grpc-kotlin][label:plugin]][maven:plugin]
[![grpc-kotlin-stub-lite][label:stub-lite]][maven:stub-lite]

A Kotlin/JVM implementation of [gRPC](https://grpc.io): A high performance, open
source, general RPC framework that puts mobile and HTTP/2 first.

This repo includes the sources for the following:

- [protoc-gen-grpc-kotlin](compiler): A [protoc][] plugin for generating Kotlin
  gRPC client-stub and server plumbing code.

  > **Note:** The Kotlin protoc plugin uses the [Java protoc plugin][gen-java]
  > behind the scenes to **generate _message types_ as _Java classes_**.
  > Generation of Kotlin sources for proto messages is being discussed in
  > [protocolbuffers/protobuf#3742][].

- [grpc-kotlin-stub](stub): A Kotlin implementation of gRPC, providing runtime
  support for client-stubs and server-side code.

- [grpc-kotlin-stub-lite](stub-lite): An implementation of `grpc-kotlin-stub`,
  but with a dependency on `grpc-protobuf-lite` instead of `grpc-protobuf` for
  Android projects.

For more information, see the following [Kotlin pages from grpc.io][]:

- [gRPC Kotlin/JVM Quick Start][]
- [gRPC Basics - Kotlin/JVM][] tutorial
- [API Reference][]

[API Reference]: https://grpc.io/docs/languages/kotlin/api
[Gradle Build Status]: https://github.com/grpc/grpc-kotlin/workflows/Gradle%20Build/badge.svg
[Bazel Build Status]: https://github.com/grpc/grpc-kotlin/workflows/Bazel%20Build/badge.svg
[gen-java]: https://github.com/grpc/grpc-java/tree/master/compiler
[gRPC Kotlin/JVM Quick Start]: https://grpc.io/docs/languages/kotlin/quickstart
[gRPC Basics - Kotlin/JVM]: https://grpc.io/docs/languages/kotlin/basics
[Kotlin pages from grpc.io]: https://grpc.io/docs/languages/kotlin
[label:plugin]: https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.grpc/protoc-gen-grpc-kotlin.svg?label=protoc-gen-grpc-kotlin
[label:stub]: https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.grpc/grpc-kotlin-stub.svg?label=grpc-kotlin-stub
[label:stub-lite]: https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.grpc/grpc-kotlin-stub-lite.svg?label=grpc-kotlin-stub-lite
[maven:plugin]: https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:%22io.grpc%22%20AND%20a:%22protoc-gen-grpc-kotlin%22
[maven:stub]: https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:%22io.grpc%22%20AND%20a:%22grpc-kotlin-stub%22
[maven:stub-lite]: https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:%22io.grpc%22%20AND%20a:%22grpc-kotlin-stub-lite%22
[protoc]: https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf#protocol-compiler-installation
[protocolbuffers/protobuf#3742]: https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/issues/3742
